# > other
host-keyword, fuliba, direct
host-suffix, mpyit.com, direct
host-suffix, dama.lu, direct
host-suffix, 423down.com, direct
host-suffix, mirror.ghproxy.com, direct
host-suffix, adrules.top, direct
host-suffix, plex.tv, direct
host-suffix, openwrt.ai, direct

# > 1Password
host-suffix, 1password.com, direct
host-suffix, agilebits.com, direct
host-suffix, 1passwordservices.com, direct
host-suffix, 1passwordusercontent.com, direct
host-suffix, pwnedpasswords.com, direct

# > Apple
host-suffix, aaplimg.com, direct
host-suffix, apple.co, direct
host-suffix, apple.com, direct
host-suffix, apple.news, direct
host-suffix, apple-cloudkit.com, direct
host-suffix, apple-mapkit.com, direct
host-suffix, appstore.com, direct
host-suffix, cdn-apple.com, direct
host-suffix, crashlytics.com, direct
host-suffix, icloud.com, direct
host-suffix, icloud-content.com, direct
host-suffix, me.com, direct
host-suffix, mzstatic.com, direct
host-suffix, akadns.net, direct
host-suffix, weather.com, direct
host-suffix, apple.com.edgekey.net, direct

# > CDN
host-suffix, ccgslb.com, direct
host-suffix, ccgslb.net, direct
host-suffix, chinanetcenter.com, direct
host-suffix, meixincdn.com, direct
host-suffix, ourdvs.com, direct
host-suffix, staticdn.net, direct
host-suffix, wangsu.com, direct
host-suffix, bootstrapcdn.com, direct
host-suffix, loli.net, direct
host-suffix, bootcss.com, direct

# > DDNS
host-suffix, asuscomm.com, direct
host-suffix, myqnapcloud.com, direct

# > 影视网站
host-suffix, yjys.me, direct
host-keyword, bdys, direct
host-keyword, btbtt, direct

# > Forum & Blog
host-suffix, hostloc.com, direct
host-suffix, justmysocks.in, direct
host-suffix, appinn.com, direct

# > IP查询网站
host-suffix, ipip.net, direct
host-suffix, ip.la, direct
host-suffix, ip-cdn.com, direct
host-suffix, ipv6-test.com, direct
host-suffix, test-ipv6.com, direct
host-suffix, whatismyip.com, direct
host-suffix, ipip.net, direct
host-suffix, ip.plus, direct

# > Turgame
host-suffix, turgame.com, direct
