# > AVMOO
host-keyword, avmoo, proxy
host-keyword, avsox, proxy
host-suffix, tellme.pw, proxy
host-suffix, netcdn.space, proxy
host-suffix, clcassd.com, proxy

# > BlogJAV
host-suffix, blogjav.net, proxy
host-suffix, pixhost.to, proxy

# > iWara.TV
host-suffix, iwara.tv, proxy

# > Javlibrary
host-suffix, javlibrary.com, proxy

# > Jav321
host-suffix, jav321.com, proxy

# > Javbus
host-keyword, javbus, proxy
host-suffix, javcdn.pw, proxy
host-suffix, cdnbus.cloud, proxy
host-suffix, busjav.bid, proxy
host-suffix, javstore.net, proxy
host-suffix, javcdn.cc, proxy

# > Jav老司机
host-suffix, 123av.com, proxy
host-suffix, 18sex.org, proxy
host-suffix, av01.tv, proxy
host-suffix, avjoy.me, proxy
host-suffix, bestjavporn.com, proxy
host-suffix, evojav.pro, proxy
host-suffix, ggjav.com, proxy
host-suffix, hayav.com, proxy
host-suffix, highporn.net, proxy
host-suffix, jav.guru, proxy
host-suffix, javgo.to, proxy
host-suffix, javhhh.com, proxy
host-suffix, javmenu.com, proxy
host-suffix, javmost.cx, proxy
host-suffix, paipancon.com, proxy
host-suffix, supjav.com, proxy

# > MissAV
host-suffix, missav123.com, proxy
host-suffix, fourhoi.com, proxy
host-suffix, missav.ws, proxy
host-suffix, nineyu.com, proxy
host-suffix, surrit.com, proxy
host-suffix, eightcha.com, proxy
host, client-rapi-missav.recombee.com, proxy

# > 萌幻之乡
host-suffix, mhh1.com, proxy
host, 301.x8o.de, proxy
host, cdn.inn-studio.com, proxy
host, sdn.geekzu.org, proxy
host, p0.picjs.xyz, proxy
host, gw.ipfs-lens.dev, proxy
host-suffix, hmoe.link, proxy
host-suffix, xhacgn.com, proxy
host-suffix, imgcap.xyz, proxy
host-suffix, cdn.jsdelivr.net, proxy
host-suffix, chkaja.com, proxy

# > Pornhub
host-suffix, phprcdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, phncdn.com, proxy
host-suffix, gaytube.com, proxy
host-suffix, porngub.com, proxy
host-suffix, pornhub-deutsch.net, proxy
host-suffix, pornhubapparel.com, proxy
host-suffix, pornhub.com, proxy
host-suffix, pornhub.org, proxy
host-suffix, pornhubpremium.com, proxy

# > SiS001
host-suffix, sis001.com, proxy

# > Theporndude
host-suffix, theporndude.com, proxy

# > Torrent
host-keyword, btsow, proxy
host-keyword, btdig, proxy
host-keyword, torrentkitty, proxy
host-suffix, sukebei.nyaa.si, proxy

# > Xvideos
host-suffix, xvideos.com, proxy
host-suffix, xvideos-cdn.com, proxy
